---
layout: page
permalink: /about
title: About
---

Welcome to my blog on Biology, sequencing, bioinformatics and more. I'll
post snippets of codes, ideas, perhaps discuss a paper or two, or write
about anything else that I want to get off my chest. Basically, anything
that happens 'In between lines of code'...

\[caption id="attachment\_6" align="alignright"
width="300"\][![](%7B%7B%20site.baseurl%20%7D%7D/assets/geek-born.jpg?w=300 "A geek is born")](http://flxlexblog.files.wordpress.com/2011/04/geek-born.jpg)
Source:
http://itmanagement.earthweb.com/img/2011/02/geek-born.jpg\[/caption\]

My name is Lex Nederbragt and I work at the University of Oslo at the
Centre for Ecological and Evolutionary Synthesis
([CEES](http://www.cees.uio.no/)). My salary actually comes from the
Norwegian Sequencing Centre (NSC, www.sequencing.uio.no), a HTS (or NGS)
sequencing provider of which CEES is one of the two hosts.

Research wise, I am interested in *de novo* genome assembly (e.g. for
the [cod genome project](http://codgenome.no)), and using genomes for
evolutionary studies. For my bioinformatics work, I mainly use perl,
awk, and sed and am just starting to learn python. Oh, and I am a MAC
person...

On [my other blog](http://contig.wordpress.com/), I present a kind of
manual for the newbler program from 454 Life Science. Newbler is written
for *de novo* assemblies of 454 pyrosequencing data. On this blog, I
might share some tricks and tips related to working with 454 data and
newbler assemblies.

Finally, you might know me from the internet under my pseudonym
[flxlex](http://flavors.me/flxlex).

LICENSE NOTICE. Unless prevented by existing licenses or otherwise, I
release the material on this blog under a [CC0
license](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). Feel free
to use the material for the greater good. The license does not require a
reference to the source, but I would appreciate it.
